hello everyone it's Celina and it's the
Freddie first it's around 5 p.m. now and
I'm gonna go to a train station now and
I'm gonna meet my cousin in London
because she already went to London
earlier today because she went to
explore to Sochi and we're gonna meet up
and then we're gonna celebrate New
Year's Eve together now I feel a bit
like a teddy bear in this because like
this has this little like fake fur
element but it's really warm so I'm
wearing those kids that I want to freeze
to death in London so yeah that's that
because then I'm gonna grab dinner at
McDonald's because we wanted to go
somewhere fancy and then we realized the
first year is probably too late to make
a reservation and then we were like well
we might as well go somewhere where we
actually like the food and you know
where we're just comfortable so we
decided to go to McDonald's and then we
gonna meet it with some friends and we
gonna celebrate New Year's Eve so yeah
let's go tell me about your day and how
you almost got killed
well I didn't a you know is thought so
my day was ready I went nowhere I'm
alone alone because you didn't want to
come with me I had to study ok anyways
so what happened was I wanted to buy a
present
and she's a really big open event and
there's this open a store and extra
station and I didn't quite remember
which house every color was it I don't
care because I really like the movies
and the books but I just couldn't
remember I mean I wasn't sure I was like
turning around looking for someone who
was working in the store I was like and
we could you maybe tell me and I already
said I'm really sorry Bobby
I'm sorry I was confused and I already
told in a gala hill and everyone was
just looking at me like she showed
everybody to me so I was so
uncomfortable there was the mess but
then I got new from Chino
okay so we finally made it some part
because our planning genius is like de
minimis of the of the choice this is a
drink of the tribe yeah a drink of
choice here we can try being
alcohol-free because you're being
responsible and because we're broke
yeah so here's the story but what is
that on my face I don't know that's
light which anyway to start over broke
so because what happened was we went out
to get some groceries and we actually
wanted to cook because this one eats
ramen noodles like 24/7 on we were
really like we were trying to make revs
and a salad we were being responsible
but then like we just walked past a
bookstore we didn't mean to go in there
okay bye it was like kind of like
attracting us and then we ended up in
the law and psychology department I know
you just spent all that money on focus
yeah so yeah but as you said it's hard
being an intellectual
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so we finally made it to a train
Engrish which is American so drama like
once it was million the fireworks you're
beautiful but like a yang out of it
okay yes if I were to read you really
beautiful that was like the 11 minutes
of joy
it was 1050 power I filmed the whole
thing
okay it was 10 minutes and 54 seconds
absolute joy and then it just turned
into hell but okay yeah like getting out
that was really bad because it was so so
many keeper and then we thought like we
made a TV station and then the station
was closed they had the like technical
difficulties with train so then we
decided let's walk but then we realize
like every street we could possibly take
to Kings Cross was just closed so we
went back to position and then we were
starting to run really really late and
our next train would be six five so we
were quite worried it's by the way like
150 right now so 20 minutes laps until
estranged daughter yeah so like
basically which like running from every
tradition but we made it
alright and then we scared my mom huh
because she bought we're not gonna get
home she was so I don't know is she just
called out like it was a mess
yeah it was a real mess but we made it
it was kind of worth it like the footage
footage the footage footage that I got
this really great
New Year's